docs/cri/config.md, before:

# CRI Plugin Config Guide
This document provides the description of the CRI plugin configuration.
The CRI plugin config is part of the containerd config (default
path: `/etc/containerd/config.toml`).

See [here](https://github.com/containerd/containerd/blob/master/docs/ops.md)
for more information about containerd config.

The explanation and default value of each configuration item are as follows:
```toml
# Use config version 2 to enable new configuration fields.
# Config file is parsed as version 1 by default.
# Version 2 uses long plugin names, i.e. "io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri" vs "cri".
version = 2

# The 'plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri"' table contains all of the server options.
[plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri"]

  # disable_tcp_service disables serving CRI on the TCP server.
  # Note that a TCP server is enabled for containerd if TCPAddress is set in section [grpc].
  disable_tcp_service = true

  # stream_server_address is the ip address streaming server is listening on.
  stream_server_address = "127.0.0.1"

  # stream_server_port is the port streaming server is listening on.
  stream_server_port = "0"

  # stream_idle_timeout is the maximum time a streaming connection can be
  # idle before the connection is automatically closed.
  # The string is in the golang duration format, see:
  #   https://golang.org/pkg/time/#ParseDuration
  stream_idle_timeout = "4h"

  # enable_selinux indicates to enable the selinux support.
  enable_selinux = false

  # selinux_category_range allows the upper bound on the category range to be set.
  # if not specified or set to 0, defaults to 1024 from the selinux package.
  selinux_category_range = 1024

  # sandbox_image is the image used by sandbox container.
  sandbox_image = "k8s.gcr.io/pause:3.2"

  # stats_collect_period is the period (in seconds) of snapshots stats collection.
  stats_collect_period = 10

  # enable_tls_streaming enables the TLS streaming support.
  # It generates a self-sign certificate unless the following x509_key_pair_streaming are both set.
  enable_tls_streaming = false

  # tolerate_missing_hugetlb_controller if set to false will error out on create/update
  # container requests with huge page limits if the cgroup controller for hugepages is not present.
  # This helps with supporting Kubernetes <=1.18 out of the box. (default is `true`)
  tolerate_missing_hugetlb_controller = true

  # ignore_image_defined_volumes ignores volumes defined by the image. Useful for better resource
	# isolation, security and early detection of issues in the mount configuration when using
	# ReadOnlyRootFilesystem since containers won't silently mount a temporary volume.
  ignore_image_defined_volumes = false

  # netns_mounts_under_state_dir places all mounts for network namespaces under StateDir/netns
  # instead of being placed under the hardcoded directory /var/run/netns. Changing this setting
  # requires that all containers are deleted.
  netns_mounts_under_state_dir = false

  # 'plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".x509_key_pair_streaming' contains a x509 valid key pair to stream with tls.
  [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".x509_key_pair_streaming]
    # tls_cert_file is the filepath to the certificate paired with the "tls_key_file"
    tls_cert_file = ""

    # tls_key_file is the filepath to the private key paired with the "tls_cert_file"
    tls_key_file = ""

  # max_container_log_line_size is the maximum log line size in bytes for a container.
  # Log line longer than the limit will be split into multiple lines. -1 means no
  # limit.
  max_container_log_line_size = 16384

  # disable_cgroup indicates to disable the cgroup support.
  # This is useful when the daemon does not have permission to access cgroup.
  disable_cgroup = false

  # disable_apparmor indicates to disable the apparmor support.
  # This is useful when the daemon does not have permission to access apparmor.
  disable_apparmor = false

  # restrict_oom_score_adj indicates to limit the lower bound of OOMScoreAdj to
  # the containerd's current OOMScoreAdj.
  # This is useful when the containerd does not have permission to decrease OOMScoreAdj.
  restrict_oom_score_adj = false

  # max_concurrent_downloads restricts the number of concurrent downloads for each image.
  max_concurrent_downloads = 3

  # disable_proc_mount disables Kubernetes ProcMount support. This MUST be set to `true`
  # when using containerd with Kubernetes <=1.11.
  disable_proc_mount = false

  # unsetSeccompProfile is the profile containerd/cri will use if the provided seccomp profile is
  # unset (`""`) for a container (default is `unconfined`)
  unset_seccomp_profile = ""

  # 'plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd' contains config related to containerd
  [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd]

    # snapshotter is the snapshotter used by containerd.
    snapshotter = "overlayfs"

    # no_pivot disables pivot-root (linux only), required when running a container in a RamDisk with runc.
    # This only works for runtime type "io.containerd.runtime.v1.linux".
    no_pivot = false

    # disable_snapshot_annotations disables to pass additional annotations (image
    # related information) to snapshotters. These annotations are required by
    # stargz snapshotter (https://github.com/containerd/stargz-snapshotter)
    # changed to default true with https://github.com/containerd/containerd/pull/4665 and subsequent service refreshes.
    disable_snapshot_annotations = true

    # discard_unpacked_layers allows GC to remove layers from the content store after
    # successfully unpacking these layers to the snapshotter.
    discard_unpacked_layers = false

    # default_runtime_name is the default runtime name to use.
    default_runtime_name = "runc"

    # 'plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.default_runtime' is the runtime to use in containerd.
    # DEPRECATED: use `default_runtime_name` and `plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".runtimes` instead.
    # Remove in containerd 1.4.
    [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.default_runtime]

    # 'plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.untrusted_workload_runtime' is a runtime to run untrusted workloads on it.
    # DEPRECATED: use `untrusted` runtime in `plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".runtimes` instead.
    # Remove in containerd 1.4.
    [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.untrusted_workload_runtime]

    # 'plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes' is a map from CRI RuntimeHandler strings, which specify types
    # of runtime configurations, to the matching configurations.
    # In this example, 'runc' is the RuntimeHandler string to match.
    [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.runc]
      # runtime_type is the runtime type to use in containerd.
      # The default value is "io.containerd.runc.v2" since containerd 1.4.
      # The default value was "io.containerd.runc.v1" in containerd 1.3, "io.containerd.runtime.v1.linux" in prior releases.
      runtime_type = "io.containerd.runc.v2"

      # pod_annotations is a list of pod annotations passed to both pod
      # sandbox as well as container OCI annotations. Pod_annotations also
      # supports golang path match pattern - https://golang.org/pkg/path/#Match.
      # e.g. ["runc.com.*"], ["*.runc.com"], ["runc.com/*"].
      #
      # For the naming convention of annotation keys, please reference:
      # * Kubernetes: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/#syntax-and-character-set
      # * OCI: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/blob/master/annotations.md
      pod_annotations = []

      # container_annotations is a list of container annotations passed through to the OCI config of the containers.
      # Container annotations in CRI are usually generated by other Kubernetes node components (i.e., not users).
      # Currently, only device plugins populate the annotations.
      container_annotations = []

      # privileged_without_host_devices allows overloading the default behaviour of passing host
      # devices through to privileged containers. This is useful when using a runtime where it does
      # not make sense to pass host devices to the container when privileged. Defaults to false -
      # i.e pass host devices through to privileged containers.
      privileged_without_host_devices = false

      # base_runtime_spec is a file path to a JSON file with the OCI spec that will be used as the base spec that all
      # container's are created from.
      # Use containerd's `ctr oci spec > /etc/containerd/cri-base.json` to output initial spec file.
      # Spec files are loaded at launch, so containerd daemon must be restared on any changes to refresh default specs.
      # Still running containers and restarted containers will still be using the original spec from which that container was created.
      base_runtime_spec = ""

      # 'plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.runc.options' is options specific to
      # "io.containerd.runc.v1" and "io.containerd.runc.v2". Its corresponding options type is:
      #   https://github.com/containerd/containerd/blob/v1.3.2/runtime/v2/runc/options/oci.pb.go#L26 .
      [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.runc.options]
        # NoPivotRoot disables pivot root when creating a container.
        NoPivotRoot = false

        # NoNewKeyring disables new keyring for the container.
        NoNewKeyring = false

        # ShimCgroup places the shim in a cgroup.
        ShimCgroup = ""

        # IoUid sets the I/O's pipes uid.
        IoUid = 0

        # IoGid sets the I/O's pipes gid.
        IoGid = 0

        # BinaryName is the binary name of the runc binary.
        BinaryName = ""

        # Root is the runc root directory.
        Root = ""

        # CriuPath is the criu binary path.
        CriuPath = ""

        # SystemdCgroup enables systemd cgroups.
        SystemdCgroup = false

        # CriuImagePath is the criu image path
        CriuImagePath = ""

        # CriuWorkPath is the criu work path.
        CriuWorkPath = ""

  # 'plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".cni' contains config related to cni
  [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".cni]
    # bin_dir is the directory in which the binaries for the plugin is kept.
    bin_dir = "/opt/cni/bin"

    # conf_dir is the directory in which the admin places a CNI conf.
    conf_dir = "/etc/cni/net.d"

    # max_conf_num specifies the maximum number of CNI plugin config files to
    # load from the CNI config directory. By default, only 1 CNI plugin config
    # file will be loaded. If you want to load multiple CNI plugin config files
    # set max_conf_num to the number desired. Setting max_config_num to 0 is
    # interpreted as no limit is desired and will result in all CNI plugin
    # config files being loaded from the CNI config directory.
    max_conf_num = 1

    # conf_template is the file path of golang template used to generate
    # cni config.
    # If this is set, containerd will generate a cni config file from the
    # template. Otherwise, containerd will wait for the system admin or cni
    # daemon to drop the config file into the conf_dir.
    # This is a temporary backward-compatible solution for kubenet users
    # who don't have a cni daemonset in production yet.
    # This will be deprecated when kubenet is deprecated.
    # See the "CNI Config Template" section for more details.
    conf_template = ""

  # 'plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".registry' contains config related to the registry
  [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".registry]

    # 'plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri.registry.headers sets the http request headers to send for all registry requests
    [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".registry.headers]
        Foo = ["bar"]

    # 'plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".registry.mirrors' are namespace to mirror mapping for all namespaces.
    [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".registry.mirrors]
      [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".registry.mirrors."docker.io"]
        endpoint = ["https://registry-1.docker.io", ]

  # 'plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".image_decryption' contains config related
  # to handling decryption of encrypted container images.
  [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".image_decryption]
    # key_model defines the name of the key model used for how the cri obtains
    # keys used for decryption of encrypted container images.
    # The [decryption document](https://github.com/containerd/cri/blob/master/docs/decryption.md)
    # contains additional information about the key models available.
    #
    # Set of available string options: {"", "node"}
    # Omission of this field defaults to the empty string "", which indicates no key model,
    # disabling image decryption.
    #
    # In order to use the decryption feature, additional configurations must be made.
    # The [decryption document](https://github.com/containerd/cri/blob/master/docs/decryption.md)
    # provides information of how to set up stream processors and the containerd imgcrypt decoder
    # with the appropriate key models.
    #
    # Additional information:
    # * Stream processors: https://github.com/containerd/containerd/blob/master/docs/stream_processors.md
    # * Containerd imgcrypt: https://github.com/containerd/imgcrypt
    key_model = "node"
```

## Untrusted Workload

The recommended way to run untrusted workload is to use
[`RuntimeClass`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/runtime-class/) api
introduced in Kubernetes 1.12 to select RuntimeHandlers configured to run
untrusted workload in `plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes`.

However, if you are using the legacy `io.kubernetes.cri.untrusted-workload`pod annotation
to request a pod be run using a runtime for untrusted workloads, the RuntimeHandler
`plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri"cri.containerd.runtimes.untrusted` must be defined first.
When the annotation `io.kubernetes.cri.untrusted-workload` is set to `true` the `untrusted`
runtime will be used. For example, see
[Create an untrusted pod using Kata Containers](https://github.com/kata-containers/documentation/blob/master/how-to/how-to-use-k8s-with-cri-containerd-and-kata.md#create-an-untrusted-pod-using-kata-containers).

## CNI Config Template

Ideally the cni config should be placed by system admin or cni daemon like calico,
weaveworks etc. However, there are still users using [kubenet](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/network-plugins/#kubenet)
today, who don't have a cni daemonset in production. The cni config template is
a temporary backward-compatible solution for them. This is expected to be
deprecated when kubenet is deprecated.

The cni config template uses the [golang
template](https://golang.org/pkg/text/template/) format. Currently supported
values are:
* `.PodCIDR` is a string of the first CIDR assigned to the node.
* `.PodCIDRRanges` is a string array of all CIDRs assigned to the node. It is
  usually used for
  [dualstack](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/blob/master/keps/sig-network/20180612-ipv4-ipv6-dual-stack.md) support.
* `.Routes` is a string array of all routes needed. It is usually used for
  dualstack support or single stack but IPv4 or IPv6 is decided at runtime.

The [golang template actions](https://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#hdr-Actions)
can be used to render the cni config. For example, you can use the following
template to add CIDRs and routes for dualstack in the CNI config:
```
"ipam": {
  "type": "host-local",
  "ranges": [{{range $i, $range := .PodCIDRRanges}}{{if $i}}, {{end}}[{"subnet": "{{$range}}"}]{{end}}],
  "routes": [{{range $i, $route := .Routes}}{{if $i}}, {{end}}{"dst": "{{$route}}"}{{end}}]
}
```

## Deprecation
The config options of the CRI plugin follow the [Kubernetes deprecation
policy of "admin-facing CLI components"](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/deprecation-policy/#deprecating-a-flag-or-cli).

In summary, when a config option is announced to be deprecated:
* It is kept functional for 6 months or 1 release (whichever is longer);
* A warning is emitted when it is used.

Commit message:

cri: add rate limiter for container logs
Signed-off-by: aheng-ch <1802532113@qq.com>

docs/cri/config.md, after:

# CRI Plugin Config Guide
This document provides the description of the CRI plugin configuration.
The CRI plugin config is part of the containerd config (default
path: `/etc/containerd/config.toml`).

See [here](https://github.com/containerd/containerd/blob/master/docs/ops.md)
for more information about containerd config.

The explanation and default value of each configuration item are as follows:
```toml
# Use config version 2 to enable new configuration fields.
# Config file is parsed as version 1 by default.
# Version 2 uses long plugin names, i.e. "io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri" vs "cri".
version = 2

# The 'plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri"' table contains all of the server options.
[plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri"]

  # disable_tcp_service disables serving CRI on the TCP server.
  # Note that a TCP server is enabled for containerd if TCPAddress is set in section [grpc].
  disable_tcp_service = true

  # stream_server_address is the ip address streaming server is listening on.
  stream_server_address = "127.0.0.1"

  # stream_server_port is the port streaming server is listening on.
  stream_server_port = "0"

  # stream_idle_timeout is the maximum time a streaming connection can be
  # idle before the connection is automatically closed.
  # The string is in the golang duration format, see:
  #   https://golang.org/pkg/time/#ParseDuration
  stream_idle_timeout = "4h"

  # enable_selinux indicates to enable the selinux support.
  enable_selinux = false

  # selinux_category_range allows the upper bound on the category range to be set.
  # if not specified or set to 0, defaults to 1024 from the selinux package.
  selinux_category_range = 1024

  # sandbox_image is the image used by sandbox container.
  sandbox_image = "k8s.gcr.io/pause:3.2"

  # stats_collect_period is the period (in seconds) of snapshots stats collection.
  stats_collect_period = 10

  # enable_tls_streaming enables the TLS streaming support.
  # It generates a self-sign certificate unless the following x509_key_pair_streaming are both set.
  enable_tls_streaming = false

  # tolerate_missing_hugetlb_controller if set to false will error out on create/update
  # container requests with huge page limits if the cgroup controller for hugepages is not present.
  # This helps with supporting Kubernetes <=1.18 out of the box. (default is `true`)
  tolerate_missing_hugetlb_controller = true

  # ignore_image_defined_volumes ignores volumes defined by the image. Useful for better resource
	# isolation, security and early detection of issues in the mount configuration when using
	# ReadOnlyRootFilesystem since containers won't silently mount a temporary volume.
  ignore_image_defined_volumes = false

  # netns_mounts_under_state_dir places all mounts for network namespaces under StateDir/netns
  # instead of being placed under the hardcoded directory /var/run/netns. Changing this setting
  # requires that all containers are deleted.
  netns_mounts_under_state_dir = false

  # 'plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".x509_key_pair_streaming' contains a x509 valid key pair to stream with tls.
  [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".x509_key_pair_streaming]
    # tls_cert_file is the filepath to the certificate paired with the "tls_key_file"
    tls_cert_file = ""

    # tls_key_file is the filepath to the private key paired with the "tls_cert_file"
    tls_key_file = ""

  # max_container_log_line_size is the maximum log line size in bytes for a container.
  # Log line longer than the limit will be split into multiple lines. -1 means no
  # limit.
  max_container_log_line_size = 16384

  # container_log_limit is the maximum number of log lines allowed to write to disk per second.
  # If more lines than specified in container_log_limit= are logged by a container in 1 second, 
  # all further log lines within this second are dropped until this second is over.
  # Non-positive value means no limit
  container_log_limit = 0

  # container_log_burst is the burst number of log lines allowed to write to disk per second.
  # This works together with container_log_limit and is usually greater than or equal to it.
  container_log_burst = 0

  # disable_cgroup indicates to disable the cgroup support.
  # This is useful when the daemon does not have permission to access cgroup.
  disable_cgroup = false

  # disable_apparmor indicates to disable the apparmor support.
  # This is useful when the daemon does not have permission to access apparmor.
  disable_apparmor = false

  # restrict_oom_score_adj indicates to limit the lower bound of OOMScoreAdj to
  # the containerd's current OOMScoreAdj.
  # This is useful when the containerd does not have permission to decrease OOMScoreAdj.
  restrict_oom_score_adj = false

  # max_concurrent_downloads restricts the number of concurrent downloads for each image.
  max_concurrent_downloads = 3

  # disable_proc_mount disables Kubernetes ProcMount support. This MUST be set to `true`
  # when using containerd with Kubernetes <=1.11.
  disable_proc_mount = false

  # unsetSeccompProfile is the profile containerd/cri will use if the provided seccomp profile is
  # unset (`""`) for a container (default is `unconfined`)
  unset_seccomp_profile = ""

  # 'plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd' contains config related to containerd
  [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd]

    # snapshotter is the snapshotter used by containerd.
    snapshotter = "overlayfs"

    # no_pivot disables pivot-root (linux only), required when running a container in a RamDisk with runc.
    # This only works for runtime type "io.containerd.runtime.v1.linux".
    no_pivot = false

    # disable_snapshot_annotations disables to pass additional annotations (image
    # related information) to snapshotters. These annotations are required by
    # stargz snapshotter (https://github.com/containerd/stargz-snapshotter)
    # changed to default true with https://github.com/containerd/containerd/pull/4665 and subsequent service refreshes.
    disable_snapshot_annotations = true

    # discard_unpacked_layers allows GC to remove layers from the content store after
    # successfully unpacking these layers to the snapshotter.
    discard_unpacked_layers = false

    # default_runtime_name is the default runtime name to use.
    default_runtime_name = "runc"

    # 'plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.default_runtime' is the runtime to use in containerd.
    # DEPRECATED: use `default_runtime_name` and `plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".runtimes` instead.
    # Remove in containerd 1.4.
    [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.default_runtime]

    # 'plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.untrusted_workload_runtime' is a runtime to run untrusted workloads on it.
    # DEPRECATED: use `untrusted` runtime in `plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".runtimes` instead.
    # Remove in containerd 1.4.
    [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.untrusted_workload_runtime]

    # 'plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes' is a map from CRI RuntimeHandler strings, which specify types
    # of runtime configurations, to the matching configurations.
    # In this example, 'runc' is the RuntimeHandler string to match.
    [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.runc]
      # runtime_type is the runtime type to use in containerd.
      # The default value is "io.containerd.runc.v2" since containerd 1.4.
      # The default value was "io.containerd.runc.v1" in containerd 1.3, "io.containerd.runtime.v1.linux" in prior releases.
      runtime_type = "io.containerd.runc.v2"

      # pod_annotations is a list of pod annotations passed to both pod
      # sandbox as well as container OCI annotations. Pod_annotations also
      # supports golang path match pattern - https://golang.org/pkg/path/#Match.
      # e.g. ["runc.com.*"], ["*.runc.com"], ["runc.com/*"].
      #
      # For the naming convention of annotation keys, please reference:
      # * Kubernetes: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/#syntax-and-character-set
      # * OCI: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/blob/master/annotations.md
      pod_annotations = []

      # container_annotations is a list of container annotations passed through to the OCI config of the containers.
      # Container annotations in CRI are usually generated by other Kubernetes node components (i.e., not users).
      # Currently, only device plugins populate the annotations.
      container_annotations = []

      # privileged_without_host_devices allows overloading the default behaviour of passing host
      # devices through to privileged containers. This is useful when using a runtime where it does
      # not make sense to pass host devices to the container when privileged. Defaults to false -
      # i.e pass host devices through to privileged containers.
      privileged_without_host_devices = false

      # base_runtime_spec is a file path to a JSON file with the OCI spec that will be used as the base spec that all
      # container's are created from.
      # Use containerd's `ctr oci spec > /etc/containerd/cri-base.json` to output initial spec file.
      # Spec files are loaded at launch, so containerd daemon must be restared on any changes to refresh default specs.
      # Still running containers and restarted containers will still be using the original spec from which that container was created.
      base_runtime_spec = ""

      # 'plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.runc.options' is options specific to
      # "io.containerd.runc.v1" and "io.containerd.runc.v2". Its corresponding options type is:
      #   https://github.com/containerd/containerd/blob/v1.3.2/runtime/v2/runc/options/oci.pb.go#L26 .
      [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.runc.options]
        # NoPivotRoot disables pivot root when creating a container.
        NoPivotRoot = false

        # NoNewKeyring disables new keyring for the container.
        NoNewKeyring = false

        # ShimCgroup places the shim in a cgroup.
        ShimCgroup = ""

        # IoUid sets the I/O's pipes uid.
        IoUid = 0

        # IoGid sets the I/O's pipes gid.
        IoGid = 0

        # BinaryName is the binary name of the runc binary.
        BinaryName = ""

        # Root is the runc root directory.
        Root = ""

        # CriuPath is the criu binary path.
        CriuPath = ""

        # SystemdCgroup enables systemd cgroups.
        SystemdCgroup = false

        # CriuImagePath is the criu image path
        CriuImagePath = ""

        # CriuWorkPath is the criu work path.
        CriuWorkPath = ""

  # 'plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".cni' contains config related to cni
  [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".cni]
    # bin_dir is the directory in which the binaries for the plugin is kept.
    bin_dir = "/opt/cni/bin"

    # conf_dir is the directory in which the admin places a CNI conf.
    conf_dir = "/etc/cni/net.d"

    # max_conf_num specifies the maximum number of CNI plugin config files to
    # load from the CNI config directory. By default, only 1 CNI plugin config
    # file will be loaded. If you want to load multiple CNI plugin config files
    # set max_conf_num to the number desired. Setting max_config_num to 0 is
    # interpreted as no limit is desired and will result in all CNI plugin
    # config files being loaded from the CNI config directory.
    max_conf_num = 1

    # conf_template is the file path of golang template used to generate
    # cni config.
    # If this is set, containerd will generate a cni config file from the
    # template. Otherwise, containerd will wait for the system admin or cni
    # daemon to drop the config file into the conf_dir.
    # This is a temporary backward-compatible solution for kubenet users
    # who don't have a cni daemonset in production yet.
    # This will be deprecated when kubenet is deprecated.
    # See the "CNI Config Template" section for more details.
    conf_template = ""

  # 'plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".registry' contains config related to the registry
  [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".registry]

    # 'plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri.registry.headers sets the http request headers to send for all registry requests
    [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".registry.headers]
        Foo = ["bar"]

    # 'plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".registry.mirrors' are namespace to mirror mapping for all namespaces.
    [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".registry.mirrors]
      [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".registry.mirrors."docker.io"]
        endpoint = ["https://registry-1.docker.io", ]

  # 'plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".image_decryption' contains config related
  # to handling decryption of encrypted container images.
  [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".image_decryption]
    # key_model defines the name of the key model used for how the cri obtains
    # keys used for decryption of encrypted container images.
    # The [decryption document](https://github.com/containerd/cri/blob/master/docs/decryption.md)
    # contains additional information about the key models available.
    #
    # Set of available string options: {"", "node"}
    # Omission of this field defaults to the empty string "", which indicates no key model,
    # disabling image decryption.
    #
    # In order to use the decryption feature, additional configurations must be made.
    # The [decryption document](https://github.com/containerd/cri/blob/master/docs/decryption.md)
    # provides information of how to set up stream processors and the containerd imgcrypt decoder
    # with the appropriate key models.
    #
    # Additional information:
    # * Stream processors: https://github.com/containerd/containerd/blob/master/docs/stream_processors.md
    # * Containerd imgcrypt: https://github.com/containerd/imgcrypt
    key_model = "node"
```

## Untrusted Workload

The recommended way to run untrusted workload is to use
[`RuntimeClass`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/runtime-class/) api
introduced in Kubernetes 1.12 to select RuntimeHandlers configured to run
untrusted workload in `plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes`.

However, if you are using the legacy `io.kubernetes.cri.untrusted-workload`pod annotation
to request a pod be run using a runtime for untrusted workloads, the RuntimeHandler
`plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri"cri.containerd.runtimes.untrusted` must be defined first.
When the annotation `io.kubernetes.cri.untrusted-workload` is set to `true` the `untrusted`
runtime will be used. For example, see
[Create an untrusted pod using Kata Containers](https://github.com/kata-containers/documentation/blob/master/how-to/how-to-use-k8s-with-cri-containerd-and-kata.md#create-an-untrusted-pod-using-kata-containers).

## CNI Config Template

Ideally the cni config should be placed by system admin or cni daemon like calico,
weaveworks etc. However, there are still users using [kubenet](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/network-plugins/#kubenet)
today, who don't have a cni daemonset in production. The cni config template is
a temporary backward-compatible solution for them. This is expected to be
deprecated when kubenet is deprecated.

The cni config template uses the [golang
template](https://golang.org/pkg/text/template/) format. Currently supported
values are:
* `.PodCIDR` is a string of the first CIDR assigned to the node.
* `.PodCIDRRanges` is a string array of all CIDRs assigned to the node. It is
  usually used for
  [dualstack](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/blob/master/keps/sig-network/20180612-ipv4-ipv6-dual-stack.md) support.
* `.Routes` is a string array of all routes needed. It is usually used for
  dualstack support or single stack but IPv4 or IPv6 is decided at runtime.

The [golang template actions](https://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#hdr-Actions)
can be used to render the cni config. For example, you can use the following
template to add CIDRs and routes for dualstack in the CNI config:
```
"ipam": {
  "type": "host-local",
  "ranges": [{{range $i, $range := .PodCIDRRanges}}{{if $i}}, {{end}}[{"subnet": "{{$range}}"}]{{end}}],
  "routes": [{{range $i, $route := .Routes}}{{if $i}}, {{end}}{"dst": "{{$route}}"}{{end}}]
}
```

## Deprecation
The config options of the CRI plugin follow the [Kubernetes deprecation
policy of "admin-facing CLI components"](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/deprecation-policy/#deprecating-a-flag-or-cli).

In summary, when a config option is announced to be deprecated:
* It is kept functional for 6 months or 1 release (whichever is longer);
* A warning is emitted when it is used.
